Core Values:
Facebook: move fast, be bold, focus on impact, be open, and build social value

STAR
Situation: Describe a specific situation. You need to give enough information that the interviewer will be able to understand the circumstances.
Task: 	   What were you asked or expected to do and why? What was driving you (and/or your team) to complete this project or solve this problem? 
	   What were your responsibilities in that situation?
Action:    Describe the actions taken. You should prioritize what you did, what your contribution was, and how those things were impactful. 
	   Focus on “I," not “we”.
Result:	   Describe the outcome. DO NOT undercut your role in the situation, this is not the time to be modest. When talking about the result, make sure you go over 
           what happened, how the event ended, what was accomplished, and what you learned. Be positive. Even if the outcome was unsatisfactory, it is important 
	   that something positive came from it. Remember, even when things are negative (or not what you had hoped) good things can still come from them. 
	   Oftentimes, individuals have to be prompted in this section of their answer; stand out by including this part on your own.

Q. Tell me about a time when you had to give someone difficult feedback. How did you handle it?
	One of my team member in a project whose pace was lagging behind the others.
	We were approaching the production release, so each member is expected to work independently or with limited guidance on the assigned task. The goal was to fix the performance issues and bugs within limited time.
	We got together to address the issue. I explained that although he was falling behind, he could still improve by making a few adjustments to his strategy. Also I tried assign him simple tasks so that he also contribute to production release with limited help from others. 
	His productivity increased and he felt more confident in his work which led successful release and now he also started contributing with new ideas to improve prduct.. 

Constructive Feeback received:
1. S: I wanted to become a core technical leader, hence was looking for core technical aspects to work and become expert in technology.
conflict with manager, co-worker, other team and junior and why you yhink it is a conflict, 



1. What was the last project you led, and what was its outcome?
2. Give me an example of a time that you felt you went above and beyond at work.
3. Describe a time when your work was criticized, how you responded, and what happened as a result.
4. Have you ever been on a team where someone was not doing their part? How did you handle it?
5. Tell me about a time when you had to give someone difficult feedback. How did you handle it?
6. How do you handle working with people who annoy you?
7. What was the most difficult period in your life, and how did you deal with it?
8. Give me an example of a time you did something wrong. How did you handle it?
9. Tell me about a time when you had to deal with conflict on the job.
10. What assignment was too difficult for you, and how did you resolve the issue?
11. Give me an example of a difficult decision you had to make. How did you come to that decision?
12. Give an example of an idea you implemented.
13. Describe a mentor who has impacted you in a positive way.
14. Was there a person in your career who really made a difference? In what way?
15. Tell me about your proudest achievement.





Times when you felt a huge sense of accomplishment or success.
Times when you fixed something that wasn’t working.
A time when you had to make a challenging decision.
A time when you had to influence a leader or team.
Times when you got surprised by something or had overlooked something.
Times when you removed barriers or came up with a creative solution.
A time when you failed but learned.
A time when you had to defuse an escalating situation.
Negative feedback from manager and how did you react
Lets say you are working on a a major project and you are in the weeds. How do you find your way out?



What were some of the best things you've built?
What are you proud of?
What could you have done better?
What were some excellent collaborations you've had?
Tell me about a time when you advocated for and pushed your own ideas forward despite opposition?
How do you deal with conflict?
How do you like to give and receive feedback?
What kinds of technologies are you most excited about?
Why Facebook?

How do you define the success of a project?

Tell me about the worst mistake you made at work. How did you fix it?
Give me an example of a high-stress situation, and tell me how you handled it. 
Was there ever a time when you had to negotiate something with your supervisor? How did you begin the negotiation, and how did it turn out?
Share how you overcame a weakness to achieve a work goal. 
Tell me about the hardest decision you have had to make. 
Did you ever miss an important deadline? How did you remedy the situation?
Describe your best day at work. What made it outstanding?
Tell me about your most significant accomplishment. Why was it significant?
Describe a project that you wish you had done better and how you would do it differently today
Tell me about a time you lead a team
When was the last time you failed at work?
Tell me about a time when you faced conflict within a team, and how you dealt with it
Describe a time you disagreed with your manager
Tell me about a time you overcame a really difficult challenge
Tell me a piece of difficult feedback you received and how you handled it
How do you get people to agree with your point of view?
Tell me about your most successful project

Tell me about a product you lead from idea to launch
Tell me about a time you applied judgment to a decision when data was not available
Describe the last time you had to make a challenging decision when prioritizing
Tell me about a time you broke a complex problem into simple sub-parts
Describe a project you’re proud of and explain your process for ensuring high standards were met in delivery
Tell me about your greatest achievement as a product manager
Tell me about a time you had to make a decision with incomplete information
Describe a time you proposed a radical solution to a problem and how you identified that it required a different way of thinking
Give a specific example where you drove adoption for your vision. How did you know it had been adopted by others?
Explain the last time you figured out what your customers really wanted
What is the biggest compliment you have received in your current role?
-- 
After joining BMD, I got a chance to test myself in a completely different situation. It is a completely different environment, 
a small company of 30-35 developers who are dedicatedly working on product development and delivering without fail in a fast paced environment.
Being small organisation, they have continued their startup culture and call themself startup. 
Every employee be it a Product Manager, Director, SSE or SE takes their responsibility and contribute to company's growth.
On the other hand BMD does not follow any process of SDLC, they only use jira and fisheye for tracking the development. 
For a new joinee it is little chanllenging because there is no knowlegde transfer, no documents to build understand understanding and code flow.
All one can do is to browse the code to get the understanding of the product and coding standard(followed strictly in BMD).

On the second day I got an assignment to work on Image explorer with minimal image handling functionality, deadline was 2 weeks.
I had to complete it in a week as there are going to be more number of iterations for code review or new requirements may follow. 
I completed in 4 days but as expected a new requirement followed which took 1 additional day to complete.  There was 

software development or knowledge sharing for 
Taking the decision to join BMD was like challenging myselfFor me it was a challenge to

Challenges: 
1. Spec 26-30 fps, but need to support 60, 120 fps camera
2. HW limitation, need dual decoder but have only one.
3. Performance optimization - Introduced Cache 200%(50% before timeline and 50% after)
			      Display/Playback video at player resolution instead resizing of video resolution.
			      

Questions Asked to me:
Conflict with junior - 
Challenges

Why do you want to work for XXX?
Why are you looking for new job opportunities?
If you had a chance to ask Mark Zuckerberg anything, what would you ask? Why would you choose that question?
How would your last manager describe you? What about your past colleagues?
Imagine your best possible workday. What did you do during that day? Why was it amazing?
If you were given a set of words, how would you calculate the average number of letters in the words?
Social Networking Sites has restrictions for users under the age of 13. How would you go about identifying users younger than 13?
Do you prefer to work as part of a team or independently?
Describe the use of hashtags on Facebook/Instagram, as well as how they can be abused.
Tell me about a time you worked as part of a cross-functional team.
How would you recommend combating hate speech on social media?
If you were given a new product, how would you define the target market and position the product for success?
What is the most challenging problem you ever had to solve at work?
Describe your proudest achievement. What about your biggest defeat?
Which of your traits will make you a strong team leader? Why?
Have you ever managed a large-scale project before? Tell me about it.
How would you improve notification apps if you could make any changes you wanted?

List of behavioral Interview Questions:
1. A time when you faced a problem that had multiple possible solutions.
2. What did you do when you need to motivate a group of individuals?
3. How have you leveraged data to develop strategy?
4. A time when a team member did not meet your expectation on time.
5. Tell me a time when you failed and what do you learned from it?
6. The last time when you have to apologize to someone.
7. A time when you were 75% through project and you had to pivot strategy?
8. How do you show your customer obsession? 
9. How do you wow your customers 
10. How do you develop client relationships? 
11. Describe a time when you made a judgement call with limit information 
12. Describe a time when you improved a process with limited budget 
13. an example of when you had to push back to HQ or challennged a decision 
14. Provide an example of when you personally demonstrate ownership
15. Tell me about a time you went above and beyond. 
16. When you took on something outside your area of responsibility and its outcome 
17. an example when you saw a peer struggling and decided to step-in and help
18. 'Describe a Situation Where You Disagreed With a Supervisor
19. Tell me about a time you recovered from a difficult situation 
20. Tell me about a situation where you had to solve a difficult problem 
21. 'Describe a project or idea (not necessarily your own) that was implemented primarily because of your efforts 
22. Do you feel you work well under pressure? If so. describe a time when you have done so 
23. "Give me an example of a time when you motivated others 
24. 'Tell me about a time where you had to delegate tasks during a project 
25. Give me an example of when you showed initiative and took the lead 
26. 'Tell me about a time when you missed an obvious solution to a problem 
27. Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment 
28. Tell me about a time you handled a crisis 
29. Tell me about a time you had to deal with ambiguity 
30. Are you easy to get along with? 
31. Do you collaborate well? 
32 Tell me about a team project you worked on 
33. Describe a time when you had to bring two departments together to work more efficiently with each other 
34. Tell me about a time you stepped up into a leadership role 
35. Tell me about a time you led an important meeting 
36. How do you motivate other people to work with you 
37. describe your style in dealing with irate customers 
38. Describe a difficult decision you have has to make in your business life and how you went about doing it?
39. tell me about a time you made a mistake that affected a client adversely and how you coped with it 
40 tell me about a time when you disagreed with a rule or approach 
41. describe a situation when you were able to use persuasion to successfully convince someone to see things your way 
42 tell me about a time when you were asked to take sides regarding another employee and you remained neutral 
43. We've all had to work with people that don't like us How do you deal with someone that doesn't like you? 
44. Give me an example of a time when you set a goal and were able to meet or achieve it 
45. describe a time when you went beyond your job description to save your company time and money 
46. give an example of a situation in which you took specific steps to further your career 
47. Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that? 
48. Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that? 
49. We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you'd handled a situation differently with a colleague.
50. Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn't very responsive. What did you do? 
51 Describe a time when it was esoecially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so? 
52. Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a client's expectations' What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation? 
53. Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service 
54. When you're working with a large number of customers. its tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers' needs? 
55. Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it? 
56. Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt? 
57. Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner? 
58. Sometimes it's just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do? 
59. Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you? 
60. Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team. 
61. Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit.
62. Describe a time when you saw a problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it.
63. Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that? 
64. Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it? 
65. Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work What could have been done to make it better? 
66. How do you handle a challenge? Give an example. 
67. Describe a decision you made that wasn't popular and how you handled implementing it. 
68. Share an example of how you were able to motivate employees or co-workers. 
69 Tell me about the toughest decision you've had to make in the past six months 
70. Tell me about a major mistake you made, and what you did to correct it 
71. Tell me about the last time a customer or coworker got upset with you 
72. Tell me about a time you knew you were right, but still had to follow directions or guidelines 
73 Tell me about the last time your workday ended before you were able to get everything done 
74. Tell me about a time you had to raise an uncomfortable issue with your boss 
75. Tell me about a goal you failed to achieve 
76. Describe a time when you found it difficult to work with someone from a different background 
77. Give me an example of a situation where you had to take into account the sensitivity of different parties. 
78. Tell me about a time you observed culturally insensitive behavior on the job.
79. What experiences have you had with recruiting, hiring, training and/or supervising a diverse workforce? 
80. Tell me about a time when you had to take someone's culture perspective into account into dealing with them. 
81. When have you worked the hardest? 
82. Tell me about a time when you had to juggle multiple important projects. 
83. Tell me about a decision that you regret. 
84. What's your greatest professional regret? 
85. Describe a situation in which you found a creative way to overcome an obstacle.
86. Tell me about a time when you came up with a new approach to a problem 
87. What's the most innovative new ideas that you have implemented? 
88. Tell me about two improvements you have made in the last six months 
89. Describe a time when you anticipated potential problems and developed preventive measures. 
90. Tell me about a time when you had to analyze information and make a recommendation. 
91. Tell me about a time when you demonstrated leadership skills. 
92. When have you delegated effectively? 
93. Time when you led by an example.
94. Who have to coach or mentored to achieve success.
95. Describe a project that required input from people at different levels in the organization 
96. Tell me about a time when you worked with a difficult team member. 
97. Give me an example of a team project that failed. 
98. Tell me about a time you stepped up into a leadership role 
99. Lets say you need something important from a coworker and that person is not responding. How would you deal with this? 
100. Tell me about a time when you had to manage multiple responsibilities. How did you handle that? 
**101. Lets say you're working on a major project and you're in the weeds. How do you find your way out?** 
102. We all deal with difficult customers from time to time. Tell me about a challenging client-facing situation and how you handled it. 
103. Sometimes we have an all-hands-on-deck situation that may require everyone to work extra hours. How would you handle that? 
104. Everyone starts somewhere. Talk about a time when you were new on the job and had a lot to learn How did you manage that? 
105. I'm interested in how you recharge when you're not working. What do you do with your downtime.
106. Has your manager/supervisor ever asked you to do something that you are uncomfortable with? How did you handle this? 
107. Tell me about a time you witnessed a fellow employee do something that you didn't think was appropriate. 
108. Tell me about a time you made mistake at work How did you deal with it? 
109. How have you reacted to a colleague who regularly lets the team down? 
110. Tell me about a time you had to work at a fast pace for an extended period of time. How did you maintain your work pace? 
111. Tell me about the longest time it took you to conclude a deal with a customer. 
112. Describe a situation when you had to overcome a number of obstacles to achieve an objective. 
113. Describe what you do to control mistakes in your work. 
114. Describe a new idea or suggestion that you made to your supervisor recently 
115. Describe a situation when you negotiated with others in your organization to reach agreement.
116. Tell me about a time you had to quickly adjust your work priorities to meet changing demands. 
117. Tell me about a time you had to make a decision under pressure to meet a deadline.
118. Describe a time when you were faced with a stressful situation and used your coping skills. 
119. Describe a time when you sacrificed short term goals for long term success 
120. Tell me about a time when you had to choose between technologies for a project 
121. Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your hiring manager What did you do?
122. Tell me about a time when you had to coach an employee.
123. Tell me about a time you heard difficult feedback and how you handled it 
124 Describe a time when you had to convince the leaders of your team despite their disagreement, What did you do to convince them. 
**125. Tell me about a time when you were not able to meet a time commitment What prevented you from meeting it? What was the outcome and what did you learn from it?** 
126. Describe an example of when you took a risk and failed.
127. Tell me about a time when you overcame an obstacle and delivered results 
128. Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your boss. 
129. Tell me about a time when you helped improve an internal work process. How you did it and what was the result 
130. What is the best invention or idea you had in the past two years? 
131. Tell me about a time you exceeded your expectations 
132. Tell me about a time you had a conflict at work 
133. Tell me about a time when you took the lead on a difficult project 
134. Tell me about a time when you received negative feedback from your manager How did you respond? 
135. How would you handle a project that is expected to be behind schedule?
136. Describe a time when you received criticism and how you handled it 
137. Tell me about a time when you had to make a judgement call without having time to refer to a manager/supervisor 
138. Give me an example where you strongly held an opinion and you were the outlier.
139. Explain a situation where you faced a problem and how did you deal with it.
140. Tell me about a time when you made a decision without consulting your manager.
141 What's your greatest strength? And weakness? 
142. Tell me about how you were curious, expectations and what you did you learn?
143. Why X ?
144. Why do you think you can make the difference here'? 
145. Tell me about yourself 
