Motivations 
Talk about how you can learn from other people, that includes people in your team, other team and the wider company. 
Are you building or working on something impactful that had value for its users? Are you motivated by working in a fast-paced environment to deliver amazing results?
Ans: It is my dream company. I admire FB for their culture, diversity etc. but importantly I like their technical strength for of solving real life problems and 
    introducing new technology to the world where millions of people are using it. I'd like to learn from such people and want to be one of them. 
    In the past I have worked on some of the project which has resemblance with FB products, hence it motivates me further. 
    //invented patents which solves real world problem.
    //Working on solving complex problem and innovating solutions for changing the user  for I always like to work on challenging assignement

Conflict Resolution – 
You must have very good examples here of how you have effectively resolved difficult situations or disagreements. 
Ensure that your examples direct attention to the task at hand or goal rather than the person or people themselves. 
Are you somebody that can encourage opportunities and conversation where everyone feels confident to express their opinions? 
You should talk about how you can have self-reflection in a conflict too and take initiative to diffuse a situation. 
When you’re resolving a conflict, are you ensuring the steps you have taken are balanced and satisfy the thoughts of everyone involved 
  and is the best decision for the team/project/company?

Note –  It is essential for senior engineers to have good examples of conflict resolution. 
        NEVER discriminate or undermine people in your examples e.g. gender/age/race/ethnicity/political views 
        and be sure not to talk about someone in a negative way.

Empathy 
You should be able to show how you can gauge the feelings of your team members and/or people in other teams 
and that you can promote a culture which encourages people to voice their opinions and thoughts, which in turn helps everyone to learn and work better together. 
You could talk about how you’re open to adopt ideas that may disagree with your ideas. 
Think about how you have these relationships with somebody you have reported to, a peer and also a team.

Leading
There is an expectation that you can talk about projects that you have lead. Talk about how you measure success and impact of a project (metrics/KPIs/timelines). 
Talk about how you work collaboratively with other teams. Do you drive consensus when scoping a project? 
Are you able to recognise other people’s strengths and delegate? 
If people in the team need support can you give them the opportunity to upskill, can you unblock them? Can you talk about how you mentor/coach/lead other people?

Note – when talking about projects, you need to talk about examples that have a wide SCOPE or HIGH IMPACT.


Growth
Have examples that show how you have been open to constructive feedback and can strive to improve yourself. 
You should be able to talk about what motivates you and how this can relate to your growth. 
What are you doing to continually improve yourself? Can you talk about recognising mistakes or areas to improve beyond not making the same mistake again? 
It is ok to talk about mistakes, we want you to do this… it doesn’t show weakness. It’s likely that you will make mistakes in your role at FB, it’s how we grow.

Being Proactive
Talk about how you can plan your work and use information ahead of time to minimise disruption and if there is an issue, that you can act on it quickly and resolve.

Self-Starter/Perseverance
Can you talk about an approach that ensures you’re executing tasks and delivering a project? 
You should talk about how you take ownership over the things that you can control and influence. 
Examples here should focus on projects with the biggest scope and impact. 
A good engineer can recognise problems however a Senior Engineer can recognise a problem and see it as an opportunity to grow and learn. 
Rather than seeing a problem as a blocker, you should be able to give examples of 
  how you have undertaken responsibilities to solve a problem that can unblock yourself and also unblock other people.

Working with ambiguity
Can you give examples of times that you have taken action in situations or environments where you perhaps don’t have everything you need or if things are unclear? 
Perhaps challenging the norm, even if it means there is a risk of failure, but ensuring you have a logical approach to a goal or final outcome.

Communication
You should be able to talk confidently about your experiences and be able to communicate effectively. 
Don’t be afraid to talk about mistakes, conflict, achievements, motivations… this is completely normal. 
You should be answering with narratives about your experiences and “through the eyes” of a senior engineer. 
You have a finite amount of time to showcase these areas so be concise and focus on impact. 
You may receive follow-up questions to some of your answers - this is normal, be open to feedback and suggestions.

conflict + empathy                                                                                                                                                               
concise

Frequently asked questions
1. Why Facebook?
2. What is your proudest accomplishment?
3. Tell me about a time when you had conflict in your job.
4. Tell me about a time when you failed.
5. How do you prioritize your work?
6. What were some of the best things you've built?
7. What could you have done better?
8. What were some excellent collaborations you've had? 
9. Tell me about a time when you advocated for and pushed your own ideas forward despite opposition?
10. How do you deal with conflict? 
11. How do you like to give and receive feedback? 
12. What kinds of technologies are you most excited about?

Know yourself: Take the time to review your own resume as your interviewer will almost certainly ask about key events in your work history.
Motivation and collaboration: Different interviewers will ask different questions. When I do a behavioral interview, I typically seek two signals in particular:
One, what is the candidate's motivation? Why do they want to work at Facebook? Why are they working as a software engineer?
Two, how do they collaborate with their peers? How do they resolve conflicts?


1. Talk about a time when you had to work closely with someone whose personality was very different from yours. 
**2. Give me an example of a time you faced a conflict while working on a team. How did you handle that?** 
3. Describe a time when you struggled to build a relationship with someone important. How did you eventually overcome that? 
4. We all make mistakes we wish we could take back. Tell me about a time you wish you'd handled a situation differently with a colleague. 
5. Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn't very responsive. What did you do? 
6. Describe a time when it was especially important to make a good impression on a client. How did you go about doing so? 
7. Give me an example of a time when you did not meet a client's expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the 
situation? 
8. Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service. 
9. Describe a time when you had to interact with a difficult client. What was the situation and how did you handle it? 
10. When you're working with a large number of customers, it's tricky to deliver excellent service to them all. How do you go about prioritizing your customers' needs? 
11. Tell me about a time you were under a lot of pressure. What was going on, and how did you get through it? 
12. Describe a time when your team or company was undergoing some change. How did that impact you, and how did you adapt? 
13. Tell me about the first job you've ever had. What did you do to learn the ropes?
14. Give me an example of a time when you had to think on your feet in order to delicately extricate yourself from a difficult or awkward situation. 
15. Tell me about a time you failed. How did you deal with the situation? 
i6. Tell me about a time you had to be very strategic in order to meet all your top priorities. 
17. Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep 
everything moving along in a timely manner? 
i8. Sometimes it's just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do? 
19. Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective? 
20. Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that? 
21. Give me an example of a time when you were able to successfully persuade someone to see things your way at work. 
22. Describe a time when you were the resident technical expert. What did you do to make sure everyone was able to understand you? 
23. Tell me about a time when you had to rely on written communication to get your ideas across to your team. 
24. Give me an example of a time when you had to explain something fairly complex to a frustrated client. How did you handle this delicate situation? 
25. Tell me about a successful presentation you gave and why you think it was a hit. 
26. Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment. 
27. Describe a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it. 
28. Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that? 
29. Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it? 
30. Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better? 


Why do you want to work for Facebook?
Why are you looking for new job opportunities?
If you had a chance to ask Mark Zuckerberg anything, what would you ask? Why would you choose that question?
How would your last manager describe you? What about your past colleagues?
Imagine your best possible workday. What did you do during that day? Why was it amazing?
If you were given a set of words, how would you calculate the average number of letters in the words?
Facebook has restrictions for users under the age of 13. How would you go about identifying users younger than 13?
Do you prefer to work as part of a team or independently?
Describe the use of hashtags on Facebook, as well as how they can be abused.
Tell me about a time you worked as part of a cross-functional team.
How would you recommend combating hate speech on social media?
If you were given a new product, how would you define the target market and position the product for success?
What is the most challenging problem you ever had to solve at work?
Describe your proudest achievement. What about your biggest defeat?
Which of your traits will make you a strong team leader? Why?
Have you ever managed a large-scale project before? Tell me about it.
How would you improve Facebook notifications if you could make any changes you wanted?




Why Facebook?
"Apart from believing Facebook will genuinely be a place I can make a positive impact in my work, I think the 5 VALUES are impressive, and the CULTURE is clearly conducive to a positive working environment. Be Bold, Focus On Impact, Move Fast , Be Open And Build Social Value are all indicative of the people who work at Facebook. I want to work in an organization where I can genuinely be myself and I don't have to pretend to be someone different. From what I understand, Facebook's culture encourages that. I want to work alongside other like-minded people who support you in your work and where you can go on to achieve great things if you have the desire to do so!" 



1. Introduce yourself.
“I am very hard working, totally committed to excellence and also someone who wants to continually improve and develop my skillset to ensure I maintain competence in my role. Facebook is changing all of the time, and I feel the skills, qualities and values I possess are a good match for the company. I have studied Facebook’s mission and the 5 core values, and I feel I have a lot to offer in regard to technical expertise and my commitment to a shared vision or goal. If you hire me within this role here at Facebook, I will be able to start contributing positively towards the team’s goals quickly, whilst also bringing a positive, can-do attitude to the organization and those I am working alongside.”

2. Why do you want to work for Facebook?
“I want to work for Facebook primarily due to the impact you continue to have on the world as an organization, and also the culture you have in place here. Mark Zuckerburg, the CEO, is also one of the reasons why I want to work for Facebook. This is due to his strong community values and the talent he possesses in regard to constantly changing and evolving the organization. We spend a long time at work, and on that basis, I want to work somewhere I feel I am making a significant impact in my role, somewhere I can see the results of my work, and also the opportunity to work alongside some of the most talented teams and individuals so I can continue to grow and develop.”

Q3. Describe a previous work situation when you demonstrated one of Facebook's core values?
"Facebook's five core values are Be Bold, Focus on Impact, Move Fast, Be Open and Build Social Value. In my previous job, I was particularly good at getting things done really quickly, and to a high standard. I believe this demonstrates my ability to meet the value of Move Fast. During one particular project I was working on, we lost two members of staff due to illness, but we were still expected to finish the project on time. To meet our objective, I started to increase the speed of my work significantly, and I also ensured I dedicated additional time outside of normal working hours to make up for the two people we had lost within the team. The increase in working speed, and the extra hours I dedicated to the project, meant we were still able to get the project completed on time and to the necessary standards and specification." 

Q4. Tell me about a situation when you failed? 
"In my early days of working, I remember I was so keen to impress my boss that I failed to read a job brief properly. I was working on developing a new ecommerce website for one of the company's important clients, and due to my hastiness, I failed to spot one of the core requirements, which was to include an opt-in form at the foot of some of the website's core pages. I soon as I spotted the mistake, I informed my supervisor, apologized for the mistake I had made, and I worked hard to put things right. I learnt a lot from that mistake, and my attention to detail skills have never let me down since." 

Q5. Tell me about your best collaboration experience? 
"I can think of quite a few examples where I have collaborated with others to achieve success. However, one particular experience springs to mind. I was working as part of a six-person team for my previous employer and we were tasked with designing a new website for an important client. During the collaboration, we all got our heads together at the start of the project and shared different ideas for how we could really make the website serve its intended purpose, and also help the client beat the competition within its industry. Once we had come up with a definitive plan of action, and a website design that everyone was in agreement with, we allocated tasks based on individual team technical strengths before setting to work. Throughout the project, we trusted each other to do our jobs properly, we supported each other at all times, communicated regularly and also altered our plans when things needed changing. The reason why the collaboration we so successful was simply because we all had a clear vision of what we wanted to achieve and a plan for getting there." 

Q6. How would you contribute positively to Facebook's mission? 
Q7. What could we do better here at Facebook? 
Q8. What are Facebook's biggest challenges in the coming years? 
Q9. Tell me what your former work colleagues would say about you? 
Q10. Describe your best day at work to me? 
Q11. Why do you want to leave your job? 
Q12. What's your greatest weakness?
Q13. What areyour strengths? 
Q14. Describe a situation when you had to manage lots of tasks or projects all at once? 
Q15. Tell me about your greatest achievement in life so far?' 
Q16. Tell me a time whenyou had to work for a long period of time on one task or project? 
Q17. You start working here at Facebook and you don't get on with a member of the team. What would you do? 
Q18. Being able to work under pressure is important here at Facebook. Describe a time when you completed a difficult task whilst under pressure? 
Q19. Where do you see yourself in 5 years' time? 
Q20. That's the end of your interview with Facebook. Do you have questions for the panel? 


re) 
